[DOCS] Adds a link to the Quick Start section that points to an EC ingest example (#1546)
elastic/elasticsearch-js: docs/introduction.asciidoc

run().catch(console.log)
----

> TIP: For a more elaborate example of how to ingest data into Elastic Cloud, 

Author: ```suggestion
TIP: For an elaborate example of how to ingest data into Elastic Cloud, 
```

> For a more elaborate example of how to ingest data into Elastic Cloud,refer to 

Author: ```suggestion
TIP: For a more elaborate example of how to ingest data into Elastic Cloud, 
refer to {cloud}/ec-getting-started-node-js.html[this page].
```

> {cloud}/ec-getting-started-node-js.html[this page].

Author: ```suggestion
```
